- Previously
on "The Rookie"...
- This must be
killing everyone.
needing to protect me
after all we've been through.
- It's not safe for him
to be around my children.
- I'm suing my ex-wife for
joint custody of our children.
- It's Diana.
Miranda's attorney.
She's gone AWOL.
- Why shouldn't I just
toss you in there with him?
- Because I can help you.
I'm looking for
an exit package.
You give me that.
I will get the FBI
to target anyone you want.
♪ Oh. I don't need permission ♪
♪ Make my own decisions ♪
♪ That's my prerogative ♪
♪ They say I'm crazy ♪
♪ I really don't care ♪
♪ That's my prerogative ♪
Let's go. Bobby.
- This is Officer Aaron
Thorsen. badge number 14483.
In progress 211
on Spring and South Eighth.
- Out of the car.
- All right. man. all right.
- Keys.
Do you want to get shot?
- No.
- Give it to me.
The wallet and the watch.
- This is a $300.000 car. man.
Just take the win.
- Now!
- Just got this. man.
- Let's go! We out!
- Damn!
- Miranda took off
with the kids.
- You mean she abducted them?
- Tomato. to-mah-to.
All I know is.
she doesn't make a 2:00
family court hearing.
the to-mah-to hits the fan.
She gets arrested--
- And Glasser
gets full custody.
- If a serial killer
was about to get
joint custody of your kids.
wouldn't you run?
- Yes. but they
would not catch me.
She will be scooped up
in a hot minute.
- Which is why we have to get
her back. but under the radar.
The second we issue a BOLO.
it becomes official.
and Glasser's attorney will
hound the DA
till he files charges.
- All right. I'm on it.
- Be there. I'm coming in.
- No. you are not.
You just got shot.
- Thank you. Nyla's right.
You can't even
put your shoes on.
- All right. fair point.
We're coming in.
Be there in 20 minutes.
I may need some help
with my pants too.
- You got carjacked?
- Yeah.
I'm not proud about it.
These guys were
definitely pros.
They had me boxed in
before I could even think.
- They get anything else?
- My brand new Kawakami.
It's a watch.
- Guess how much it cost.
- It's gonna piss me off.
isn't it?
- 800K.
which is what
my mom's house is worth.
- You know. the weird thing is.
I don't know how
they saw it under my sleeve.
- Mm.
- Guys like you always
have fancy watches.
- What do you mean.
guys like me?
- You look expensive. Okay?
- Oh. okay.
- Um. do you have any advice?
- Conover's unit's up on
a few high-end body shops.
They might have a lead
on the car.
- Thank you.
- Angela.
- Did you just wave me over
like I was your waiter?
- Whatever.
I have to ask you something.
Come here.
- Ooh. mama.
you come to the right place.
Out of my way.
You haven't even sorted these
by color or clarity.
- They're diamonds.
The color is clear.
- This looks clear to you?
This is a J.
maybe an I on a good day.
- What?
- The color scale.
Hey!
- You know what?
Stay here.
Don't let anyone see
what you're looking at.
I don't want the whole station
talking about it.
- Uh-huh. Got it.
Harper.
- Ooh.
- That's nice.
- Yeah. That is nice.
- You like this?
- What the hell?
- I like this.
- I needed a second opinion.
- You aren't seriously
considering the princess cut.
- All right. look. this is
supposed to be a secret.
If any of you breathes
a word of this to anyone.
you're all fired.
- You are literally
not the boss of us.
- I will find a way.
- You know. I'm in the shop
with Lucy all day today.
I could just simply ask her
what kind of ring
she might like.
in a subtle way.
- No. absolutely not.
Then she'll know
I'm gonna propose.
- Look. Sarge. I can make this
so much easier for you. okay?
I got the perfect jewelry guy.
He just hooked me up
with this brand new--
brand new stolen watch.
but I can get you the contact.
- Where's he located?
- That's the best part.
He comes to you.
- Sorry. What's going on?
- Uh. nothing.
What are you doing here?
You're on medical leave.
- Uh. you don't want to know.
Let's go talk.
- I called every
convenience store in the area.
A woman fitting
Miranda's description
bought a burner phone
three blocks from her house.
I got the number.
- Great.
So what's the play. call
and talk some sense into her?
- I doubt she's gonna answer
a call from an unknown number.
Plus. we risk spooking her
into going
even further off the radar.
- We need to track that phone.
- No. no. no. no. I'm not
saying there's no chance
to win. but the prodigious
amount of evidence
would simply have
to be overcome.
Tell Mr. Everett I'd be honored
to join his legal team.
Great.
I'll start drawing up
the paperwork.
Monica.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
- Well. I find myself
in need of a lawyer.
and you're the best in town.
- Only because
you were disbarred.
- Obviously.
I need you to help me
outsmart the FBI
and get paid at the same time.
- That is a big ask.
but I'll do my best.
- The added wrinkle is.
I'm pretty sure the Feds
are already suspicious of me.
- Monica is definitely
up to something.
The question is. what.
- Has something to do
with Aiden Warner.
Monica played us
to get his right-hand man
out of the picture.
- I put the wheels in motion
on an exit package
with Aiden Warner.
It got a little messy.
but I think--
I think I managed
to contain it.
But in order to get paid.
I have to sell out
Cooper Johnson.
- Bold.
- Suicidal.
I don't have a choice.
I boxed myself in when
I made the immunity deal.
I escaped prosecution.
but I lost everything.
Now all I have to look
forward to is a future
in witness protection.
working at a Cinnabon
in some flyover state.
and I would rather die.
- We should have known
that she was not gonna
be satisfied with WitSec.
She is out to score
a retirement package
now that she feels the task
force is drawing to a close.
- But why would
Aiden give her that?
- Well. she must have promised
him something valuable. right?
- Like us?
She told him that
she can get the task force
to take down anyone he wants.
- Conspiring
with a known criminal
does violate
the terms of her deal.
Okay. look. we're gonna act
on whatever she gives us.
But if we play our cards right.
we have an opportunity
to take Aiden down
and finally put Monica Stevens
behind bars.
- Do you trust the FBI?
- I don't need to.
I have leverage--a cache
of stolen government secrets
that will be revealed
if anything happens to me.
- We can't arrest her as long
as those documents are in play.
- Elena has been working
with our Cyber team up in D.C..
trying to figure out
where Monica hid them.
She thinks she's getting close.
See. ever since Prague.
Monica's internet activity
has revealed some anomalies.
several out-of-character
websites
that she visits
at least once a week.
- Out of character?
- Oh. yeah.
AutoZone. Domino's.
The Gap.
She is poor now.
Monica would rather starve
than forego luxury brands.
- Okay. you're right.
But what does it mean?
- They don't know yet.
But if we take away Monica's
leverage. that's it. right?
She's going to prison
for the rest of her life.
- Once you're burned
with the task force.
there's nothing keeping
Aiden from killing you.
You have to trust that
he's a man of his word.
- I don't trust
anyone that much.
- But the choice is between
a dangerous criminal
who may shoot you once you've
outlived your usefulness
and a new life in Kansas.
- I will not be
living in Kansas.
- Then there is no choice.
You have to roll the dice.
Give the FBI something on
Cooper and hope the whole thing
doesn't blow up in your face.
- Hey. babe. when you head out.
would you mind
dropping my Anthropologie
return off at UPS
on the counter near the door?
Send.
- You guys seem to be
getting quite domestic.
Does that mean things
are getting serious?
- They are.
Can I confide in you?
- Always.
- I think Rodge is
getting ready to propose.
- Wow.
- Uh-huh.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean. like. the other day.
he brought up diamond rings.
kind out of nowhere.
Like he was trying to
figure out what I like.
- Oh. okay.
Uh. what did you say?
- Nothing.
The only crystals I know
anything about are spiritual.
Can you help me?
- Sure. yeah.
Why don't we do some
online research at lunch?
- Yeah. I'll send you
some links.
- Okay. cute.
- I think Rodge is
getting ready to propose.
- Wow.
- Uh-huh.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean. like. the other day.
he brought up diamond rings.
kind out of nowhere.
Like he was trying
to figure out what I like.
- Okay.
- Why is Rodge FaceTiming me?
- Only one way to find out.
- Hey. can we do this later?
We're in the middle
of something.
- Yes. No. Uh. maybe. But--
- Okay. look.
why don't you figure it out.
Call me back.
- No. wait.
I got a voice note from Celina
where she's talking
about me proposing.
and now
I'm panicking a little--a lot.
And I don't know what to do.
- Okay.
I'm--I'm sorry.
Did you propose to Celina?
- No. but it sounds like
she thinks I'm going to.
- Do you want to propose?
- I mean. eventually. I think.
I'm very ambivalent about the
tenets of marriage in general.
But if she's ready
and expecting a ring. help me.
- All right.
you know who would have
some excellent insight
into this?
Celina. Call her.
- No. she clearly sent
the message by accident.
I can't just call her.
- John is right.
The grown up thing to do would
be to call her and talk it out.
- Did you hear that?
John is right.
Good luck.
Ow.
I'm fine.
- Uh-huh.
- I feel your eyes.
- Miranda's phone pinged
at a house around the corner.
- The homeowner went to
the same high school.
They must be old friends.
- Well. Miranda won't
come back willingly.
What do we do?
- We explain to her
she could be charged
with felony parental abduction.
- And if she still says no?
- We insist. The law is clear.
Once we know she's abducted her
kids. we have to arrest her.
- How do you wanna handle this?
- Carefully.
- Hi. Can I help you?
- Yes.
I am Detective Nyla Harper.
This is Officer Nolan.
We are looking
for Miranda Calvert.
- Oh. I haven't seen her
since high school.
- It's okay.
I failed to keep them safe.
Their whole lives. I let a
monster tuck them in at night.
It wasn't until
Theo lied to you
that I realized how scared
of his father he was.
I can't go back.
I have to protect them.
- And you will.
The custody hearing
might go your way.
- Would "might" be good enough
if it were your kid?
- No.
- Then let me go.
- We can't.
But even if we did.
you wouldn't make it two days.
That's just reality.
And the minute you got
arrested. it's game over.
If you go back. yes.
there is a chance
he'll get custody.
But if you don't.
he gets them for sure.
- My police contact
just called.
Miranda took the kids
and ran away.
Rumor is Nolan and Harper
are trying to help them
get back under the radar.
- Unacceptable.
She abducted my children.
and she has to be punished.
- Well. she will be.
I need to get to the judge
right away.
- Told you I'd get you here
on time.
Miranda's car broke down.
and she panicked. called LAPD.
Luckily. I was in the area.
- Turns out. when the check
engine light comes on.
they really mean it.
- That's a lie.
And we both know it.
- Careful. Counselor.
I got shot yesterday.
so I'm in no mood.
Unless you have
proof of anything.
you'd best back your ass up.
Now. hearing's about
to start. so Miranda.
- All rise.
Department 112 of the
Los Angeles Superior Court
is now in session.
the Honorable
Judge Hunt presiding.
- Be seated.
We are back on the record
in the matter
of Liam Glasser
versus Miranda Calvert.
When we adjourned yesterday--
I'm sorry.
Aren't you the officer
who was shot outside?
- Uh. yes. sir.
John Nolan. lucky to be here.
- I'll say.
What's your part in all this?
- Yesterday. I was assigned
to protect Mr. Glasser.
but last year. I was there
when he was arrested.
- Come up here.
- Up here?
- Witness box.
It's not your first time
in court. is it. son?
- No. sir.
- Objection. Your Honor.
Officer Nolan is not
on the witness list.
- And yet I want to hear
what he has to say.
I've been reviewing this
allegation against Mr. Glasser.
Somewhat complicated.
- You could say that. yes. sir.
- But you had a front row seat.
What do you think?
Do you believe
this man is a killer?
- Objection.
- Overruled.
- We're not here to determine
my client's guilt or innocence.
- Correct.
The question before
the court is.
what is best for the children?
I can't imagine a more germane
question than.
"Is their father
a potential murderer?"
Please.
answer to the best
of your knowledge.
- Well. it was a
complicated case. as you said.
but there are a few things
I do know for a fact.
During last year's wildfires.
three officers and I
responded to a report
that a man
matching Mr. Glasser's
description
abducted a homeless man.
We tracked him to a cabin
in the Angeles Forest
owned by Ms. Calvert's family.
As the fire approached.
we made entry.
Officer Penn found
the victim in the shower.
tied and tortured.
While that was happening.
Mr. Glasser attacked me
in the basement.
first with a baseball bat.
then a sword.
and finally he made for my gun.
- Your Honor.
the world was on fire.
The room was dark and smoky.
My client was confused.
- Did he seem confused to you?
- Oh. no. sir.
We were all in uniform.
Mr. Glasser was very familiar
with our faces.
He knew exactly
who he was trying
to kill in that basement.
- Your Honor. I must insist.
This man is fighting
for his parental rights.
His lawyer should be allowed
to cross-examine.
- Okay. that's fair.
Go ahead.
- Officer Nolan.
isn't it true that my client
is suing the LAPD
over a false accusation
that destroyed his life?
- It's true that he's suing.
A lot of criminals do that.
- And we're supposed to believe
that you're
an unbiased witness.
given the LAPD's
well-documented pattern
of animosity towards my client.
- I put my body
between your client
and a shotgun blast yesterday.
If I am biased against him.
I sure got a funny way
of showing it.
- I'm gonna object to that
as nonresponsive.
- Sounded responsive to me.
I'm ready to rule.
Everybody. sit down.
The criminal justice system
operates under constraints
that do not bind this court.
My sole obligation
is to protect the children.
And I find
Officer Nolan's testimony
to be credible
and deeply troubling.
Therefore. it is ordered
as follows.
One. respondent mother
is granted
sole legal custody
and sole physical custody
of both minor children.
Two. a protective order
is hereby issued.
Petitioner is prohibited from
contacting the minor children.
directly or indirectly.
in person.
by telephone. electronically.
or through third parties.
He is further prohibited
from coming
within 500 feet
of the children's
residence. school. or daycare.
Court is adjourned.
- Oh.
- It's all right.
- Thank you.
- Must have felt good. huh?
- Telling the truth often does.
- Hmm.
You know. it's funny.
BTK. Golden State.
they both went dormant
when they had young children
to take care of.
Thanks again for saving
my life yesterday.
In some ways.
whatever happens next...
it's on you.
- Who do you think
she's gonna give up?
- I'm gonna go with
one of Aiden's rivals.
- That doesn't
narrow it down much.
- No. but I have a guess.
- I do too.
You wanna bet
a little money on it. 50 bucks?
- Make it 100.
you got yourself a bet.
- Done.
- Monica.
thank you for coming in.
I am excited to hear
what you have for us.
- Always the sweet talker.
- Until I'm not.
- Yes. until then.
I trust that you agree this has
been a fruitful partnership.
- Yes.
you've helped us put away
some very dangerous people.
- Not that she's had a choice.
- Well. the previous targets
were nothing
compared to what
I'm about to offer.
which is why this one's
going to cost you.
When this is over.
I'm not moving
to the middle of nowhere.
You need to promise me a coast.
- We can do that.
- Maine doesn't count.
Or Florida.
- Okay. that makes it
a little harder. you know.
But I am sure
I can make it happen.
- Oh. assuming what
you're offering is worth it.
- Oh. it is.
A few years ago.
I worked for a major player
in the international
weapons trade.
He needed a deal structure
to shield his income--
- Okay. so you laundered
his money for him.
Who is it?
- Cooper Johnson.
You do know
not very many people
turn on him and survive. right?
- Raid his operations.
stick him in federal prison.
put me in WitSec. and I have
nothing to worry about.
- You know this kind of
operation takes time.
- Months. at a minimum.
Cooper is a killer
who supplies terrorists.
- You have evidence directly
linking him to that?
- No.
- Okay.
Well. then what
we're looking at here
is prosecuting him
for financial crimes.
and those are complicated
cases to make.
Agent Fleming here
will set you up
with our forensics accountant.
start going over the details.
We'll take it from there.
- What a lovely way
to spend the afternoon.
- Did you have Cooper Johnson?
- Not even close.
- Neither did I.
Makes sense. though.
He did push Aiden
out of West Africa.
and he killed four of his
lieutenants in the process.
- For Aiden. this is
definitely a smart move.
But if Cooper finds out
she betrayed him.
Monica is looking
at an ugly death.
- I wish you could have seen
Glasser's face.
- You know he won't
leave them alone. right?
- Yeah.
Well. I told
Miranda to call us.
and we'll be there the second
he starts stirring up trouble.
- Hey. I heard the good news
about Glasser's kids.
I wish I could have seen
the look on his face.
- Uh. you know. I got a call
from your boyfriend today.
Apparently. you left him
a voicemail about how
you think he's gonna propose?
- No. I mean. why would I--
No. No.
How could this happen?
I trusted you!
- Okay. I think maybe you
better give him a call.
- Oh. you should
definitely call him.
My guess is.
he is freaking out.
- He is definitely
freaking out.
- I-I was trying to
be clever. you know.
figure out what kind
of engagement ring
Lucy might like.
- Ah.
Whoa. Tim is proposing?
- No. I--you did not
hear that from me.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Track down Aaron's car?
- No.
Uh. his security system
was deactivated.
and we struck out
at the chop shops.
But I have a CI who
fences high-end jewelry.
so I'm hoping to hear
from him tomorrow.
- That's great. Okay.
I don't know
if I told you or not.
but I'm having dinner
with Lopez tonight.
Should be back around
8:00. 9:00 latest.
- Okay.
Well. I plan
to be in bed by 9:00.
So before you go. I have
some piping hot tea to spill.
Celina thinks that Rodge
is about to propose.
- What?
- I know.
- Wait. when did that happen?
- Uh. it sounds like he's been
oh. so casually
talking to her about rings
and what she likes.
She doesn't really know.
so she's been showing me
pictures to see what I think.
It's so cute.
- They are not nearly
ready for this.
I mean. they barely
know each other.
You should tell her
just to drop it.
- Rodge and Celina
make a great couple.
What?
- They've been dating
for five minutes.
- Wow.
Taking this very seriously.
- Look. I'm sorry. but you
know. a lifetime commitment
is a serious thing.
and I just hate
when people rush into it
when they're not ready.
not nearly ready.
I'm going to Lopez's.
- Okay.
- Have fun.
- You blew
a perfect opportunity.
Celina set it up.
All you had to do
was casually ask Lucy
which stone was her favorite.
- If I would have asked
her anything else.
she would have put it together.
So instead.
I play the unevolved man
who hates love and marriage.
Threw her right off the track.
- You panicked.
- Look. I've been to war.
and my heart didn't pound
half as hard as it did
in that office.
- Come. come.
- Mr. Bradford. what a pleasure
to meet you. sir.
- You as well.
- Aaron has told me
such nice things about you.
- Did he?
- Indeed.
He said that
your love story was epic.
So I have made some
selections of some pieces.
because I think that
they would help you
celebrate this wonderful love.
- Ooh.
- That's great.
But I-I'm one of Aaron's
poor acquaintances.
So if that's the scale
of what you have to offer.
I'm afraid
we've wasted your time.
- Not so fast.
I curate a very large
collection.
So why don't we talk about
Lucy. talk about her likes
and what she loves--
besides you. of course.
- Come on.
- Um...
Helping people.
She loves getting to know them.
hearing their stories.
Lucy is--she's kind but fierce.
Loyal. but do not cross her.
and funny--
funny. but also maddening.
in a good way. obviously.
I'm sorry.
I'm just--I'm floundering
a little here.
- Relax.
There's nothing wrong to say.
We love who we love because
they are uniquely complicated.
So why don't you tell me
why Lucy is a unicorn to you.
- Um...
Wow.
She makes me feel loved
in a way I never felt
I deserved.
Uh. sorry.
I don't know if that
answered your question.
- You did. perfectly.
Thank you.
So what I'd like to do
is give this some thought
and come back with some
better options. if I may.
- Yeah.
- Great.
- Thanks again.
But before you go.
actually. um.
I wanted to ask you
a case-related question.
I'm not sure if you're aware.
but Aaron
was robbed last night.
and they took his new watch.
- No.
- Yeah.
- The Kawakami?
Do you know anyone who deals
in high-end stolen merchandise?
- Nobody would admit to it.
but I do have my suspicions.
- Maybe you can put out
some feelers.
Say you have a client who
desperately wants to get
their hands on that model.
- You mean like
a sting operation?
- You don't have
to do anything.
Just pass along
the information.
- No. no. no. I understand.
I understand perfectly.
and I am delighted to help.
Okay? Again.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- What?
- That was really beautiful.
what you said about Lucy.
and Wesley needs to step it up.
- Tim's proposing to Lucy?
- Mm-hmm.
- Man. no one ever
tells me anything.
- Yeah. well.
I wish I stayed out of it.
Now things with Rodge
are all messed up.
- It's a simple
misunderstanding.
Once you explain what happened.
I'm sure everything
will be fine.
- Yeah. I tried.
He's not returning
any of my calls.
- Well. that's on him.
Hey.
- Hey. Can I come in?
- Yeah. Come on in. bro.
- Thanks.
- I know you two need to talk.
but I need. like.
three minutes
to make some popcorn...
Actually. I'll be in my room.
- So I got your message.
- Just ignore
everything you heard.
Tim is gonna propose to Lucy.
and I was trying to help
figure out what kind of ring
she might like by pretending
we were getting engaged.
and my phone went crazy.
and it recorded it.
And I'm really sorry
if I freaked you out.
- Okay.
It's not a relief. per se.
but it's not not one.
- You know. if you would
have returned my calls.
we could have had this
conversation hours ago.
- I know. I'm sorry.
I-I was processing.
Wait. is Tim really
proposing to Lucy?
- Yes. he's picking out
a ring as we speak.
Aaron's jeweler's
hooking him up.
But you didn't hear it from me.
Are we good?
- Yeah. we're great.
- Okay.
- But I need a beer or three.
- Are we sure Aaron's guy
is the right move here?
I don't feel like he and Lucy
have the same taste.
I feel like Aaron's personality
is mostly logos.
- I know.
His whole aesthetic is
very late-stage capitalism.
Hey send me the song
you just wrote.
My mom wants to hear it.
- Are we sure Aaron's guy
is the right move here?
I don't feel like he and Lucy
have the same taste.
I feel like Aaron's
personality is mostly logos.
- I know.
His whole aesthetic is
very late-stage capitalism.
- Yeah.
- All right. here we go.
- This really is
a gorgeous car.
- Okay. we need ears ASAP.
- Copy. Inbound.
- Is it done?
- It is in process.
- Meaning what exactly?
- Well. you know the FBI.
They're not exactly known
for their speed.
- And I'm not exactly known
for my patience.
- They are assembling
a massive case
that will put Cooper in jail
for several lifetimes.
That was always gonna take
a little time.
I've done exactly
what you asked of me.
- Until Cooper
is in handcuffs or dead.
you haven't delivered anything.
You actually have overpromised
and wasted my time.
But I'm gonna give you 24 hours
to make it up to me.
or I'll tell Cooper
that you sold him out
to the FBI.
Get out.
- Come in.
- Met with Aiden last night.
Did not go well.
I'm pretty sure the task force
was surveilling me.
- Then they know
you violated your deal.
- And they know
I'm trying to get out.
- If they haven't
arrested you yet.
your insurance
is still in play.
- I know. but for how long?
- Elena found Monica's files.
Monica hid them
in redundant subfolders
inside the base code of
several commercial websites.
The Cyber unit is in
the process of deleting them
right now. so tell
Monica's surveillance team
to make the arrest.
We've got her.
Problem?
- They found my leverage.
- This feels like checkmate.
They're gonna arrest you now
for criminal conspiracy
and breaking the terms
of your immunity deal.
- No.
I have a small window
to turn this around.
There's gotta be
a play I can make.
- I don't see it.
- That's because
you're too linear.
It's time to create
some mayhem.
Do you happen to have
a clean burner phone?
Do you have a problem
with loud noises?
- No.
- Help me!
There are men with guns
in my house!
They shot my husband.
I'm hiding upstairs.
1432 Old Ranch Road.
- I'm guessing you just
SWAT'ed Aiden.
- No. Cooper.
- And now you're calling Aiden.
- Exactly.
- Who is this?
- It's me.
SWAT is raiding
Cooper's house as we speak.
It's gonna be a bloodbath.
I want my exit package.
- Private terminal at LAX.
7:00 p.m.
A plane will be waiting to
take you anywhere you wanna go
with $10 million in cash.
Good luck.
- Charge whatever you want
for your fees.
These are all dead to me now.
- The police are in the lobby.
They're coming for you.
Use the back stairs.
and good luck.
- Hey. Where is she?
- Who?
- Monica.
We know she's been
meeting with you.
- Oh. uh. she left a while ago.
- She's running.
We're on our way
back down to you now.
- She's heading south
on La Brea.
Speed up to 50 miles an hour.
There's no way she actually
thinks she can outrun us.
- Agreed. which means
she's got another play.
- Hi. Keep it close.
I won't be long.
- Oh. Ms. Stevens. I don't
have you down for today.
- Oh. Beverly said
she could fit me in.
- We're looking
for Monica Stevens.
- Uh. she just went back.
but you guys can't--
- No. we have a warrant
for her arrest.
- And we have naked clients.
- You take point.
- Yep.
Uh. okay. let's split up.
Celina and I will
take the locker room.
- Right.
Oh.
Please.
- Okay. yep.
- How would you like
to make a quick 300?
- Hey.
Uh. no.
No. we lost her.
What. really?
Okay. yeah.
We'll meet you there.
Hey. so Tim got a location
on our carjacker.
Do you mind if
Celina and I bounce?
- Yeah. no. this pooch
has been officially screwed.
No sense in you
hanging around to get
yelled at by Garza and Grey.
- You are the best.
- Are we really gonna get. uh--
get yelled at?
- What do you think?
- Is that your car?
- Yep.
It's gonna take some serious
detailing to get the smell out.
Hold on. hold on.
I know that guy.
That's Winchell.
He works for Pierre.
my jeweler.
The same one
I was gonna use for--uh--
The one I use for me. always.
- That would explain how
he knew about your watch.
- That's not a bad racket.
His boss sells you a watch.
He steals it.
Insurance covers it.
You buy a new watch.
You think Pierre is in on it?
- I can't imagine.
He's such a sweetheart.
- Metro. we're in position.
You got a green light.
- Copy that. We're rolling.
- Hey! Shut up!
- Go. go. go!
- Police!
- Get on the ground!
- Move!
- Hands in the air!
- Get on the ground!
- Officers in foot pursuit
of the suspect
southbound through the houses.
- I got him!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- I'll be taking this back.
- You know that's evidence.
right?
- Yeah. I know.
I just wanted to feel it
on my skin again.
I guess it's the late-stage
capitalist in me.
- Wait. what?
Oh. my God.
Did my phone send you a voice--
- Yep.
- Monica.
- Are you alone?
I-I just wanna talk.
It's okay.
You can text Angela
when I leave.
I--I won't be here long.
Do you mind?
I. uh.
need to be myself
for this conversation.
- What conversation. Monica?
Why are you here?
- I've come to say goodbye.
By the end of the night.
I'll be gone. or dead.
Regardless. this is my last
hour in Los Angeles. and...
you're the only person
I wanted to say goodbye to.
- You know. if you're
in danger. we can help you.
- Oh. you're sweet. but I think
we both know that's a lie.
Your wife has an arrest warrant
in her pocket
with my name on it.
They've neutralized
my leverage.
I'm looking at life in prison
if I don't run. so.
Do you remember
Professor Chapman?
He used to say
that the law was
by human action.
not by human design.
- I do.
- It really feels like that.
Like. I know I always did
exactly whatever I wanted.
and I own every choice
that I made.
and yet...
I don't know how I got here.
- It's not too late to make
another choice. you know.
- Oh. it is far.
far too late.
The person I was
before I became all this.
did you ever really
love her?
- She was terrifying
and radiant
and razor sharp.
Of course I loved her.
Everybody did.
- Goodbye. Wesley.
Hi.
- LAX. right?
- Yes.
Private terminal.
- Going anywhere fun?
- God. I hope so.
- It's none of my business.
but are you okay?
- Always.
It's my best quality.
Um. I think
you missed the turn.
- No. I didn't.
- Not the face.
- Do you remember
when I said you were
going back to work too soon?
- I do.
- And I was...
- So very right.
- How you doing
with the whole Monica thing?
- I wanted her off the street
as much as anyone. but...
I sure didn't want it
to end like that.
- I don't think there was any
other way it could have ended.
You should take
your pain pills.
- Yeah. definitely.
- You can't reach it. can you?
- No.
- Oh. hey.
Is everything--
are we--
- Yeah. we're good.
Rodge explained
the context to me.
And besides. it's not like
I never talked trash about you.
- What? You have?
- So I got you a new phone.
'cause your current one
is clearly possessed
by a malevolent force
that can no longer be trusted.
- Thank you.
I--I'm genuinely so sorry.
- I know.
All right. guys.
I gotta bounce.
Y'all have a good night.
- See you.
- Yeah. you too.
I mean. what trash
do you talk about me?
- All the trash.
- He's just pushing
your buttons.
- Right.
I mean. you know that?
Or you think that?
- You're adorable.
- Mm.
- Uh. do you wanna hear
the new song I wrote?
It's called
"You're Perfect. I Love You.
Let's Keep Our Relationship
Exactly Status Quo."
- Maybe later.
Right now. I just wanna
get in softies
and climb under the covers.
- That's an amazing idea.
- Yeah.
- Piggyback ride?
- Yes.
Whee!
- I'm so happy you're letting
me be part of all of this.
Those are really lovely.
- Yeah.
- And affordable. yes?
- Yes. and I'm throwing in
a friend and family discount.
If you had not
stopped Winchell.
he would have ruined
my reputation forever.
- I-I can't accept that.
- He means thank you.
Tell us about the rings.
- Well. they're vintage.
I sourced them
with reliable friends.
Now. not every bride wants
to have a pre-owned ring.
But you said that Lucy loves
other people's stories.
and every single one of these
rings has a story to tell.
- What are they?
- Well. choose a ring.
and I'll tell you its story.
- What do you think?
Um...
- Ah. yes.
The couple that owned that ring
had a very interesting
courtship.
They were friends
for many years
before they realized
that they were in love.
And even after that.
there were struggles.
and there were forces that
threatened to tear them apart.
But they overcame
those obstacles.
and they were together
for over 50 years.
- Mm.
Wow.
- Does that say forever?
- Yeah.
This is the one.
- Damn it.